Hey, good morning family. Thank you for
joining me today. I'm excited
you're here. I have some things on my
heart to talk about. I just wanted to
point out what the Lord did
whenever we had our prayer time
yesterday. And you know, I never
know what he's going to share. It's just
amazing whenever you start praying and
the Lord starts revealing things of the
future to you. Less than 24 hours
later, Trump announces his mineral
deal. And I told you all I saw President
Trump—if
you watch the prayer time—if
you are
skipping out on the
prayer time just to hear me talk a
little bit and not praying with us, you
are missing out. I encourage you to
listen to the whole video,
especially if you like to intercede and
pray for the nations. I believe the Lord
has called us to this YouTube channel; the
primary focus is 'Prayer Changes
Things.'And
I believe we are changing things in
nations. Yesterday, I feel like we
went through the whole world. We were
praying for elections
and
so many different things. The
Lord had so many things on his heart
that he wanted to talk about
yesterday,
obviously. But one of the major things
was that I saw President Trump coming in.
He looked like Uncle Sam. His
hair was like it always is, but he
had a patriotic outfit on—a red and white pinstripe suit
and
a stars and stripes jacket,
like an American
flag-looking
jacket, and he had a top hat on. He
flew in on a jet plane—it looked like
an
F-16—into
Ukraine in this
vision. Whenever he got there, he
started negotiating. I
kept hearing in the spirit realm,
'The Art of the Deal, the Art of the Deal.'He was
making a
deal yesterday with Zelensky and the Ukrainian people. I'm just going to go over a little bit of it because there are many of you who do not watch the prayer time. He was making a
deal,
and I saw
him negotiating. I saw minerals. I
could see mounds of dirt in the
background in this vision.
I could see conveyor
belts with the dirt moving, and then I
could see fish coming from the ocean;
they were flayed in half and
looked like a fishing
industry. The Lord showed me
the
fishing industry and then
bales
of wheat that were all wrapped in
bundles with a white-looking cloth.
They were
the whole
stems—the
wheat grain and
all of the
stalks.
The back end of the
wheat was pointing this way, and the ends of it that were cut were pointing
in
a bundle toward
France. I could see it pointing
toward
France,
laying down. The
Lord was focusing my attention in the vision;
I could see the round
base of the
stalks
of the wheat
wrapped in a bundle.
He said,
'Brandon, this is in play as you
speak right now. This is about to
manifest.'I
could hear it echoing
inside of me that this major mineral
deal was about to take place. Lo
and behold, 24 hours later—after
we uploaded
that
video
morning—they
announced on
the news that they had signed the
mineral deal. So, we saw a prophetic
word that was a 24-hour turnaround.
That was a big deal to me because
usually I wait months, or years sometimes,
to see something, but I know there was
an urgency to what we were praying over
last night and interceding that this
would get done—that this was a major
domino. Then I saw Vladimir
Putin
with North Korea in the background with
Xi Jinping and his allies.
Vladimir Putin had a hand of red
and white playing
cards.
He had
five cards in his
hand. They were big
playing cards,
and he was holding
them out like a fan and hiding
behind those
cards,
watching to see what
was happening in
Ukraine. I saw the words 'World War
III'in
black letters
across. Then I remember the
oil derrick—I think that was over
the Mediterranean. Yes, because there
were so many things the Lord showed us
yesterday, folks. It was really
interesting. Then the Lord showed me
Germany,
France, and then NATO. I saw
an alliance.
I
saw
the land
where Russia has taken over; I saw them
taking control permanently over that
land, trying to create a peace
agreement within a four-year window. I
saw a time span waiting behind
those cards. But I heard the old
USSR, the old Soviet Union, was with the
KGB, and it was
like roots inside
Putin; he wants the whole thing, and
he was looking for Kyiv. He wants the
whole Ukraine. They were waiting for
Trump to get out of the way. He has a
plan, and in this plan, it was
more evil. I could see the
escalation of war.
He was watching behind
his playing cards,
trying to play
poker.
A poker face.
I saw
North Korea siding with China
as an Asian front in the
days ahead, using Korea as a
lynchpin.
Eventually, I believe
Kim Jong-un will be removed, and through his
sister, there will be revival.
I saw riots starting to take
place in China—which we see in the
news now—but I saw riots becoming
more
mainstream despite efforts to hush them down.
Then it started to spread
to
other nations, like Canada,
because of things that will be decided
in the future that will be
more
suppressive, shutting up freedom of
speech.
It will be more of a lockdown because
of
the way they think versus the way
Christians think—great persecution coming
to the
Christians. Now, we got the
emails. I don't mean to upset you
all, but I have to speak what the Lord
tells me to say regardless. It's not
easy for me. I'm going to be real with you.
It's very hard to come on here and tell
you these words
when I know it's going to upset people.
Jeremiah had to do the same thing.
I know your heart, and I
know my job is not to scare you but to
prepare you. I want to prepare you and
sound the alarm as loud as I can for
what the Spirit of the Lord is telling
me to say, for I am accountable to him
only, not to you. Now you say, 'Well,
Brandon, I don't agree with
you.'That's
fine. Do you know how many millions of
people—literally,
I would say
probably 10,000 a month at
least—say
something because they don't agree with me? They
are
more vocal
than a lot of you are with the nasty emails.
But you know what? I keep going because
God said to. Persecution comes
for the word's sake. You say
I've
missed it. That's fine. Keep watching.
You say you hear this prophet
so-and-so
saying this, and they say good things are
coming to Canada and that there's
going to be a flipping of
the boat—that it's going to be
uncovered just like it was in 2020.
Folks, the prophets—I'm going to be
just real bold with you right
now—the
prophetic people who spoke and told you
that Joe Biden was going to
be removed and that President Trump and
all the prophetic words and everything
that was spoken in 2020 were false
prophecies. They missed it. But a lot of
them didn't have the guts to come on and
say, "We missed it."Instead, they kept kicking
it down, going with QAnon and all the
things they said. I'm not here to pick
or poke at anybody; I'm here to tell you
and shed light on things. If I miss it,
I'm very quick to come on here and say,
"Listen, I missed
it."I
don't have anything to hide from
you. I don't answer to
you; I answer to Him. And if I get in
the flesh and I hear something off, then
by my goodness, I want to say,
"God, correct me, but make me stronger
and make me sharper to hear You in these
end times."I'm not ashamed.
People pick at you all the time,
but I'm telling you: I believe there are a
lot of people telling you
sugar-coated words
about
what is coming to Canada in the days
ahead. There will be a very big shaking
in Canada—so much so that I
saw an economic disaster. As you see
these birthing pains in America, the
window of opportunity the Lord is
giving us right now for the
digital platform, we're seeing that all
coming about. And Eric Trump made an
announcement about the banks and
about the digital
currency.
There's so much going
on right now. Trump is saying that he
wants to eliminate the IRS. What did I
warn you about the IRS and the Iraqi
dinar—about
people not paying their
taxes or doing what they're
supposed to do because they
get
the sense that the IRS is
going to be done away with? But the Lord
showed me there was a warning to that.
Now,
if you don't want to listen,
don't listen. There's something there
that's a catch; there's something there
the Holy Spirit is trying to warn
us about. This is way before everybody
was
saying that
anyone
making below $200,000
is not going to have to pay taxes.
There's something more to this. Why is
the Lord warning me to tell
you this way before they even started
talking about this stuff? And I'm like,
"Okay, God, what are You saying in
this?
What are You saying
about
what President Trump
is
saying? What more is there to this, and why
would You warn me about this?"So, going
back to the vision from last night, we
see all these things taking place. We
see President Trump coming in now. I saw
him on an eagle, and he was flying out;
he left on an eagle. Then I saw
negotiations with Israel and Hamas
and what's going on with Gaza.
I saw, not a two-state
solution, but the Temple being
discussed—a
peace
treaty so that they could build the
Temple Mount. Then I saw major
oil across the Mediterranean with an
oil derrick dripping, meaning there is a
lot of oil. The Lord warned me about
the oil, and that was part of the vision
I had last night. Then I saw
the Middle East as a whole,
and
what I saw was
Iraq rising from the ashes.
I saw new buildings and beautiful
structures coming to Iraq: skyscrapers,
shopping malls, and all kinds
of new housing developments. Beautiful
things. An economic boom is about to
take place in Iraq. A major flow of
finances is coming to
Iraq—huge
money. When I saw this, it was
just like what's going on in Saudi
Arabia. I saw the
economics shift from China and
America to Iraq and the Middle East.
The Middle East becomes the
breadbasket
of the world financially.
The Lord said to me,
"The beginning stages of the Antichrist
are
at hand."A superpower will rise out
of all this as an economic
hero—an
economic hero, when all of the world's
economies are crashing all around.
If you look at
what the princes and the
head people in Saudi
Arabia—these
rich billionaire men,
these tycoon
guys—they're
all saying, "We're going
digital; we want to
sell, buy, and trade in these
cryptocurrencies."I've
seen
this stuff; people are sending me
things. Look, it's all pointing to the
Middle East. So, as we see the Middle
East rise up and start to become this
super
world power with Saudi Arabia,
this is what's going to happen.
I've
told you who I believe the
Antichrist is. We're seeing that he will
play a major part in the days ahead
with the temple agreement with
Israel.
Israel is part of the Middle East, and we
will see Israel rise as the blessing of
Abraham. God said, "Remember
what I told you all? I'm
going to breathe on the Abrahamic
covenant, showing the world that I am
still the God over Israel, that He is
the I AM THAT I AM."And I'm telling
you: He's going to show up and show off
to the Israeli people.
Watch what happens in
the days
ahead. I saw fruit the size of
baseballs—massive
fruit, massive
agriculture, prosperity over their
land
like you wouldn't believe.
Now, you might say, "Well, I'm not for
Benjamin Netanyahu; I'm not for
Benjamin Netanyahu. I think he's evil because
of
what he
did to the Palestinians and all this
stuff."It
has nothing to do with a leader; it
has nothing to do with the head of the
government. This has to do with a
covenant that was made with a people.
I want to say
that again: it has nothing to do with
the Israeli
government. You can disagree or agree
with what they've done over there,
but
it's about the bloodline
and
the Jewish people. It
has nothing to do with
politics. It has to do with a covenant
made thousands of years ago. God is
still acknowledging and holding
true to the covenant He made with
Abraham, saying, "I'm going to make you the father of many
nations; I'm going to bless you for a thousand generations."What
I'm telling you is it has nothing to do
with Benjamin Netanyahu
or
the politics of Israel
today. Politics can change
overnight, but what never changes
is the Word of God and what He said He
would do for His people, saying, "I
stand by the covenant I made with Abraham."God
is a
God whose yeses
are yeses and whose nos are nos. He
doesn't falter or move away from what
He said He would do. So, you need to know
it has nothing to do with politics; it
has everything to do with a covenant
that God made. He is not going to
change His mind about a covenant He made
because He is a God who does not lie.
Does that make sense to you all?
Somebody needs to shout,
"Amen,"at
that! I'm telling you, there is a
covenant. God has a covenant with
you and me, the very covenant He
made with every single one of you as
you are adopted into Him by grace. You
are saved through faith as we turn
ourselves
from our sin and humble
before a God who loves us and
say,
"God, I need You more than
anything
going
on around me. I need a God who will
love me and take
over my life. I surrender myself
over to You."And guess what happens?
That covenant He made with His
Son's blood on that cross—He took it
all for you. He
made a covenant the moment you take it.
This is covenant. This communion cup is
covenant. Do you understand? This is a
covenant that what I took on my body,
you don't need to have in your body.
What I did for you, you don't have to
live in poverty. I became poor that you
might be rich. I became sick that you
might be healed. I became everything
that the devil has thrown at you
since the beginning of time, since
Adam fell. Everything from
mental torments to broken marriages, I
took it all so you could have prosperity
in the spirit realm. That's covenant.
That's covenant talk. This is
covenant. He said, "Do it often in
remembrance of me."So the same covenant
that was is still strong today for the
Jewish people because they don't
recognize Jesus yet. They don't. But God
is a God of his
word. So we see the blessing on what
I'm telling you. We see a blessing
coming on the oil, and we're going to see
it coming out of the Mediterranean. We're
going to see it. But as we see the
Mahdi
rise up, he will not rise up as
poor. He will not rise up as weak.
He's going to rise up as the world's
superpower. And the Lord spoke to
me yesterday and he said, "Brandon, you
are about to see the bread basket of the
world—that
first Babylon that
fell—and
now you will see Babylon rise
again. A major
economic turnaround is coming to
Iraq."And
I saw brand new palm trees. I saw it
all, ladies and gentlemen. And I saw
wealth coming to the Middle East. And as
we see that, we know that this is the
beginning of the
true beginning. He said,
"Everything started in
the Middle East with the Garden of Eden,
and now it will end in the Middle East
with the end of ends, the end
times."The
Jewish people—watch what God does in
these days ahead. So, I saw a deal being
cut with a peace agreement in the days
ahead with Trump, and the Prince of Saudi
Arabia will be a big puppet master
in this.
And folks, we're seeing it.
So, we're going to see
the
window. I believe it. So, thank you for
joining me with my recap. I just
thought of what the Lord was
showing us and what we see in the news
today. When Eric Trump said all that he
said, we see that everybody's calling
for a global recession; most believe it could be
worse than a depression. I truly believe
that for the body of Christ, the best is yet
to come. And that's why I tried to
explain to you yesterday when the Lord
says to Diana and me and Braden,
"Days of great fun are coming
for y'all."I truly want you to
understand what fun is to us. And that's
why I said that for the
first time yesterday:
what's fun to us is seeing the lost
saved,
casting out devils, laying hands
on the sick, seeing blinded eyes open,
having ears that can't hear, hear,
raising the dead—doing all the things
that the Great Commission told us to do
when Jesus said, "Go into all the
world."That's
what's fun to us, isn't
it, baby? We're excited. That's
what fun is to us. Now, most people say,
"Well, fun to me is going shopping in
Beverly Hills."My fun is I want to see
a million people saved in a day. My fun
is I want to see a whole
row of wheelchairs in front
of a platform, everyone stand up at
once and go, "Boop! I'm healed. I've
been in a wheelchair my whole life. I
was quadriplegic. Boop, I got
healed."That
is going to be the day that I'm
looking forward to. And I believe we're
right on the cusp of it. The greatest
move of God that this world has ever
seen is about to pour out on this earth
like we've never seen before. Judgment
begins in the house of the Lord first.
And as we see things shaking, as we see
things changing, we are seeing new
voices. And the Lord said, "I'm bringing
a prophetic accuracy to the prophetic
movement, to the true men and women that
are flowing in my spirit."You will see a
true prophetic accuracy like you've
never seen before in these
generations—hearing
and proclaiming
what the Spirit of the Lord has told us
to say with
accuracy as we go vertical, staying like
an eagle up in the sky, not down with the
chickens. Remember, I warned you all.
Don't listen to the roosters crowing and
saying only what you have itching
ears to hear: "Well, everything's going
to be all right. Well, we're having
an
America turnaround."Turn around in the
next couple of years? America is going
to be great again? Folks, we're in the
end of the end. If we are really in the
end of the end, we're going to see a
fading of America into a global new
world order. It's all being birthed in
front of our faces—a new global world
order, a digital dollar. That's what's
coming. Not America becoming greater. Us
having a window of opportunity to get
the wealth of the sinner so we can
bring in the harvest.
He said, "I'm bringing in—"if you
remember what Jesus said to me in that
vision I had, he said, "Brandon, I'm
giving you the harvesting equipment
right
now."And
it was the glory of the
Lord—the
finances to get it done. That's what
this window's for. How big is that
window? Some people say, "I'm believing
for a door. I'm going to live in the
door."That
sounds like my wife
Diana. She says, "Brandon, I want a
door."I'm
like, "Yeah, let's have a
door,
baby."She
believes big. To believe for the big,
you know? She's like, "Hey, let's
believe for a door that's open."And I'm
like, "Yeah, let's believe for it. Got
to make it bigger. We'll stretch that
window out. Isn't that right,
hun?"Yes.
But we know that Jesus Christ is coming
and he's coming back for a glorious
church. And I'm not trying to downplay
people's words saying that it
gets bad and then we come
out of it and everything gets
better. Some people want to believe
that. That's fine. All I know is I'm
looking at what the Lord's saying to me
and he's telling me he's coming. He's
coming. And who was it? Babe,
somebody sent you a video from, what was
that? El
Shaddai
Ministries. What was his name? His name
is Mark Biltz. Yeah, Mark Biltz. I say
it right. The blood moon man. He said
that he's talking about the
four-year
window of the Shemitah, which ends in
2029, fall of 2029. And I keep telling
you all, the Lord said, "I'm giving you
a
four-year
window."What
will you do with that
four-year window? An extension of
grace for a harvest of souls.
And if that is ending in
2029 and he started talking about the
2029 window, he said the
tribulation begins at the beginning
of a Shemitah cycle for a seven-year cycle.
And he said if it doesn't happen in
2029, it will be extended clear into
2036. Folks, I don't believe we have
that long. I believe we're out of here
by 2029, somewhere around in there. I'm
just believing that, y'all—that we have
that four-year window for a revival from
this time and that God's given us this
window for a wealth transfer, for a
major harvest of souls. And I do not
believe that the revival will last for
years and years.
I believe it's a small window
revival, a small window for a great
outpouring. If you look at every single
thing,
people's attention span is not that
long—is
what I'm trying to say.
I just believe we're on the cusp of
something
great, that something is about to take
place—it
won't take them that long
once they have that peace agreement to
build this third temple. People say,
"Well, they're already starting to build
it."I
don't know. I haven't seen
anything on that, that there's
a groundwork being done or anything. All
I know is that the Lord
showed me it will be a quick thing
and we're going to be out of here
before you know it. So, I pray this
video blessed y'all today. Did it bless
you today, Diana? Yes. It's
exciting. She never knows what I'm going
to say. I told her, I said, "I feel this
in my spirit. I got to go out there and
make a video."So,
do
you want to take communion
with me? You can take it on the
other side. All right. We're going to
take communion. We're going to pray.
We're going to agree for big. We're
going to believe for the turnaround.
We're going to believe for exceedingly
abundantly above all that you dare ask
or think; today is the day that the
Lord has made and we will rejoice and be
glad in it. Are we afraid of all the
things that Brandon is saying? No, it's
not a call to fear. It's a call to
prayer. And I just believe we're on the
cusp of something huge—that we're seeing
America come, and we're about to have our
little golden age (what all these
people are calling the golden age) for this
little window—and then I
believe we're getting ready to be
shot like a rocket into the new
tribulation. Another area of birthing
pains.
Glory to God. This
is an
exciting time, not a sad time. This
amazing, rejoicing time, not a time of
pulling back and shrinking back and
going, "Well, Canada lost, Australia, all
this stuff."Oh, who knows? So, Father,
we just lift up this body before you in
the name of Jesus. And we thank you,
Lord, for all that you've done and all
that you're going to do; that you were
wounded for our transgressions. You were
bruised for our iniquities. The
chastisement of our peace was upon you.
And with your stripes, we are healed.
Now, Lord, we take this body in the name
of Jesus. And we expect healing to
manifest on us. No headaches, no stomach
bugs, no whatever you may be overcoming
in your life today. Jesus paid the price
on that cross for you not to have to
walk in sickness and disease. That's
what the Bible says, and I believe it, and
I receive it by faith in the name of
Jesus. And we take this body and we
thank you, Lord. We thank you, Lord, for
all that you've done and all that you're
going to do in our lives today.
Father, it's done. We receive it. We
thank you, Lord, for our future, that it
looks better than our past. Father, I
thank you, Lord. Our future's bright, and
we receive this body in
Jesus'name.
Now Lord, we plead the blood over
us and we thank you for the blood. We
make much of the blood and the blood
makes much of us. We thank you, Lord, for
the blood. We apply the blood of Jesus
Christ over us. And we thank you, Lord,
that your blood cleanses
us from all
unrighteousness. Thank you, Lord, for the
blood of Jesus Christ today. Thank you,
Lord, that you washed us in the blood.
Thank you, Lord, that we go from glory
to glory. Like Diana's favorite
song, "From Glory to
Glory,"he's
changing you. Do you
believe that inside today? From glory to
glory where he's changing you. Father,
we thank you for the blood. We
apply
the blood
over our children, over
our wives, our husbands, our finances.
We apply the blood and we thank you,
Lord, that Satan cannot cross the
bloodline. We plead the blood of Jesus
all around our houses, all around our
cars, our whatever we have. Father,
I plead the blood of Jesus over us that
no weapon formed against us is going to
prosper. And a curse without a cause
cannot stand. It cannot stand. And
it doesn't have a cause
because the blood of
Jesus reigns supreme over all of us.
Thank you, Lord. From the
top of our head to the soles of our feet,
Lord, we plead the blood in
Jesus'name.
Amen.
Thank you for taking
communion with me. You don't have to
take it by
yourself. She's my hero behind
the camera today.
We're excited, y'all. Diana and I are
excited. We're expecting.
If
we only have a four-year
window—Diana,
we talk about it all the
time—if
we only have a four-year
window until the next
Shemitah
cycle, the next Shemitah cycle would be
fall of 2029. And Diana did the math
for me and she told me, she said,
"Brandon, do you realize fall of
2029—it'll
go like a blink."I pray it's
not 2036. I mean, that seems like a
long ways whenever you say 2036. So,
I'll feel like I'm getting old
at that time, which I know I'm still not
old, but 2036, it seems
like a little longer, of course,
because I just don't feel that. I just
feel that we're right there. Let's just
finish strong. Regardless of whatever it is, let's finish strong.
I
just thought it was a really interesting
sermon somebody sent me from Mark
Biltz.
Right.
El Shaddai Ministries. I don't
know if this man's a Jew or not, but I
thought it was pretty cool. One day
maybe I can have him on; he can talk
about some of this stuff. I think it's
cool. Jonathan Cahn talks about it, too.
But I just go, "Wow."You know, I just
think it's fascinating.
God is a God of order and everything is
so mathematically perfect. Everything he
does is so perfect. So it's just like,
"Wow,
God."He's
an awesome God and he wows me.
Everything he does. Diana, in her
book—she
got this new book, "Seeing
Jesus"—the
author wrote that
book. It's based
supposedly not on a true story, but
it's a fun book. It's a fun read if you
want to read it. "Seeing Jesus"by who?
Jeffrey McClain Jones. And so she
read that book "Seeing
Jesus,"and
it's just a fun read. One of
her favorites. Well, he
has a whole bunch of new books. And so
right now she's reading a book about the
tribulation
and the
two witnesses. I don't know; I
haven't started it really yet.
She's about to start it. She's
a bookworm. Diana, y'all, Diana
can read a whole book. She was bragging
last night. She told me, "Hey,
baby, guess what? I just finished
reading the Bible."And I said,
"Again?"She
reads it through all the
time, but I'm just saying she's already
finished reading the Bible
through this year. And for me,
I don't read that fast, but I
listen to it and she's in
there. I said, "Good for you, honey. I'm
so proud."So now she's going to read it
again;
she'll read it through twice this
year. Not that we're trying to flex, but
I'm just proud of her. I have to
brag on her, y'all. And because she's on
that side and not sitting next to me,
it makes it not as
awkward. So, she is a bookworm. She
reads a lot. She reads lots and
lots of books. She can read a book in an
afternoon and I go, "How do you do
that and comprehend?"She's flipping
those pages. It's pretty
incredible, actually. As I see her,
she says, "I speed read."She's just
like this, and she's done.
She goes, "I'm
done."That fast.
"That was a good
book. I enjoyed
that."So,
it's our little funny thing
because that's serious. Well, I
believe the best is yet to come. Let's
pray. Let's pray for some things. Let's
see what the Lord has for us. You know,
I always try to make it easier for
people who don't pray in the Holy Ghost.
And I try, but I like it when we see
stuff. And if the Lord wants to show us
something, I want to be there to see it.
And when I'm praying in English,
folks, it doesn't happen that way. Every
single time, isn't it, Diana? Whenever
I'm praying in the spirit and we
pray as a family, if the Lord wants to
show something, it's never in English.
He starts showing it when I'm
praying in the spirit first, right?
Always. And it's been that way
since we've been married. I've been
seeing like this since I was 16
years old. And the Lord started
developing this when I
was praying one
day and I was interceding for a woman
who was being abused. I started
seeing like this, and the fire hit
my ears and my eyes. My
brother and I shared a bunk bed, and I
was down, praying and interceding. I was
in there
interceding for this woman, and all of a
sudden, fire hit my head and my
eyes, and I started seeing. I didn't know
what was going on with me; I just
started seeing pictures, and it freaked
me out the first time it happened
because
I was like, 'What is going on with
me?'I
remember just feeling the
anointing and the presence all over me.
I ran in and told my mom, my
dad, and everybody, 'This is what
I
saw.'They
took note of it, thinking, 'Well,
I'm sure people are thinking
this kid is a little
strange.'Most
people still do today, and I'm
an adult. But ever since then, it's just
been coming. It's been getting more and
more, and I've learned how to
look into it.
Whenever the Lord shows me, I can almost
pause it and look into it to see what's
going on. It's very interesting. The
more I pray and seek the Lord, the more it
grows.
Now
Diana is starting to see, and it's
exciting to have your wife see things;
she'll come and say, 'This is what I
saw in the spirit.'The Lord told
me, 'I'm going to start dealing
with your wife this
way.'But
she's more shy about it. She's not as upfront
about
telling everybody yet. She'll
get there, but she sees things. The Lord
will show her things, doesn't he, baby?
Yeah. It feels like it's more
personal to me.
He corrects those he loves, and
I'm still a work in progress.
I know I'm constantly
singing
that song, 'He's Changing Me.'He's
going
from glory to glory,
and
he's showing her.
It's exciting times. I love
it. It's like I said, 'Thank God.
It's cool.'I'm just excited to have a
wife now who is seeing and
hearing
things, and her gift is
growing inside of her just
like it is with me. We're all going
from glory to glory. I just
go, 'Wow, Lord. Thank
you.'People
say, 'Brandon, do you see stuff
all the
time?'No,
I
don't—not
every day—but I
hear him all the time. He talks to me.
We have
a
relationship. Now, is it
an audible voice? No. He doesn't go,
'Brandon, how are you doing
today?'It's
not like that. It's that still, small
voice inside of you, and I've learned to
yield and hear him. It's the same
thing with Diana. She'll come in,
pray, and tell me, 'This is
what the Lord says,'and every time
it's spot-on accurate.
I look at her and I go—but he talks to her differently. What's interesting to me
is that he talks to me very simply because I'm simple,
but he talks to her
in
a
very
educated way.
The
vocabulary he
uses with her is way off the charts.
I go, 'What does that even
mean?'because
she's very smart.
She graduated with a
4.0 in college
and
has
a
Master's degree in accounting.
He
talks to her in
an
analytical and theological way, and I go,
'Okay, cool.'But it's beautiful. It's so
poetic in the way he talks to her.
She'll write it down, and
I'll be like, 'Wow.'But not every day
do I see something. I always
hear him, and he talks to me.
I try to tell people God is
always talking, but we have to shut
ourselves
up to
listen. He's an ever-present help in
a time of
need. He will talk to you all the time.
You
just have too much
'self'in
the way. The more you die
and
become little in your own
eyes,
the more God becomes big. Right,
babe? Absolutely. Most people
say,
'I've never heard God
before.'Get
smaller. Get smaller. God will
rule and reign over that. Say, 'God, I
yield myself.'All that being said,
let's pray. I know I
like to go on a side journey and
rush through things,
but
we're just real and
we like having fun, enjoying
life, and enjoying our kids.
I let you all in a little at a time,
talking about how we
have a normal life, working, and
having family.
Family is important to us.
All right, let's pray.
Father, we just yield ourselves to you.
We humble ourselves before you.
Father, I thank you for
your covenant and your communion
with us, and that you forgive us of our
sins. Thank you, Lord, that we enter
into your throne boldly.
Holy Spirit, if you have anything to
show us, if there's anything that needs
to come as a warning,
we're always quick to
hear and quick to see. Father,
I bind demonic spirits so that we are never
snared by any demonic voice,
uninterrupted and unhindered by any
satanic or demonic presence. I plead the
blood over my spiritual eyes again
today, that I see only what the Father
is telling me and I only hear what the
Father is saying. Father, I thank you
that
no familiar
spirit gets involved and
that
he's not able to torment,
hinder, or harm me, or take me
in a wrong direction. Thank you, Father,
that I'm always yielded and filled with
control by the Holy
Spirit. We know
you could use
anybody,
so
it's not us; it's all about you
and what you choose to do. Thank
you, Lord, for choosing me today. Thank
you, Lord, that you've
chosen,
Father. I thank you that
you're raising up men and women of God
to do mighty works in these last days.
I thank you that this
channel is a pillar in the
end-time
army to help raise
up a generation of unbelievers and weak
babies. Father, we would teach
them how to be the meat babies and they
will be strong adults very soon.
You'll take them from point A to
point Z
quickly in
Jesus'name.
It will not take years
for them to grow
into
adult stature spiritually,
but they'll have
an accelerated
growth. Right, babe? Yes, accelerated
growth. Thank you,
Father. So, Father, we just pray in the
spirit. We
believe for marriages to be restored
and
households to be strong
again. Strife is out of the homes,
and
joy is in the homes. We call
in the wayward
children
in the
name of Jesus and people who are bound
by satanic, demonic spirits. We thank you,
Lord, that they're free in
Jesus'name.
We thank you for the healing
power that flows on the inside of them
from the top of their heads to the soles
of their
feet. We thank you that no
weapon formed against them
shall
prosper. They are not mentally
tormented by satanic or demonic spirits.
Father, I thank you that when
they lay their head on a pillow, they
sleep soundly. They have peace that
passes all understanding. You give
your beloved restful
sleep. Thank you, Lord. We pray over
their
epinephrine, cortisol
levels, and hormone levels, and we
say they are normal in
Jesus'name.
Their thyroids are normal,
and
their minds and
pituitary glands are normal and
functioning as they're supposed to. We
speak to Hashimoto's.
We speak to
the
fibromyalgia and lupus, and we call
healing, wholeness, and wellness over
autoimmune diseases; we say you go
now in the name of Jesus. Be thou whole.
Be thou well in Jesus'name. We thank
you, Lord, that they are no longer bound
by autoimmune
diseases. A lot of it has to do with our
bad environments, Lord. And I thank you,
Lord, that you said we could drink any
deadly thing and it would not harm us;
we could eat any deadly thing and it
would not harm us. We thank you, Lord,
that we breathe the air and the
soil and all the things they're
poisonous with, Father, and that it
will not touch us; our bodies will
repel it like
a
raincoat. I thank you, Father. I thank
you, Lord, for people—that they live
long and finish strong: the grandmas and
the grandpas and the elderly, Father.
They will not live a broken, busted
life; they'll finish their days out
on this earth with great
victory—with
a sound
mind. They won't be forgetful. They
don't have forgetful thoughts. They
don't go, 'Well, I forgot that. I don't
remember that.'They remember it; they
have a sharp, sound
mind. And we thank
you, Lord, that the best is yet to come
financially for people. Father,
they say
recession, and we see it, but God, you
told me we'd have a
window—not
depression, recession, or a hard landing.
No, we will have a victory
as the body of Christ. We believe,
Father, that finances are turning around
and that we will have a golden age.
Father, we're not going
into this with nothing; we're
going in
victorious, being the light and the
salt to the earth, so that when people
see us, they say there's something
different about
them. Father, we're
carriers of the glory. We're not
visitors. Diana, like she said,
we're not visitors; we're carriers.
We're carriers of the glory
and
the anointing in this house.
We are carriers of the glory; I'm not
just going to visit there.
Father, I thank you.
We're carriers of the glory
today. We're carriers of
you. Father, we treat
this body, this temple, as special
because we know you live on the inside
of us and we're wall-to-wall. Holy
Spirit, I thank you, Lord, that there's
less of
me and always more of
you
today. Thank you,
Father. Glory to God for the days of
open doors—open doors of opportunity
for greater works,
reaching the
lost. So, Father, we thank you, Lord,
for the blood.
Father, anything you want to show us,
anything you want to
reveal to us, we lift it up before you.
Father,
you lead,
we follow; it's the dance. And Father,
we yield ourselves over to you in the name
of
Jesus.
I'm
seeing Israel right now.
I keep seeing glimpses of
Israel: surprise attacks, surprise
retaliation. It's like a
powderkeg
waiting to
take off again.
It's
almost like a false flag event
trying to provoke
it. I don't totally trust this.
This
is
bigger—trying
to provoke it to
escalate
it with
Iran wanting an agenda on purpose,
asking for an
excuse.
Knowing that Iran has these
weapons and technology, but looking for
a reason and an excuse to
attack—an
open
door, like 'You struck first, now we
strike.'Not
being
the person who's starting it,
but saying, 'Hey, you started the fight;
we're going to finish
it.'We
need a way to
start
this.
That
very
bad
provoking...
I see who it is.
I want you to
remember what I saw about the gas prices
and the oil
pipelines in
Iran, a crumbling of the infrastructure
financially on a greater
level, and the oil and the gas in the
Mediterranean that I talked about just a
little bit ago.
This was the gas lines in America like
the 1970s gas wars.
Braden,
supply
and demand. We
create a
demand so that we can
meet
the
supply. We created the
demand on
purpose to make this flourish in our
economy and in
theirs.
Cutting off funding from someone
else to steal from over here to pull
from
here—it's
war
tactics. Now I'm seeing the red dawn
inside
again. I just saw the
people in the hidden cells in America;
the enemy
within.
They must count the cost
because what they're playing with is
fire, and it's highly expensive.
Don't let ego and pride get in the way.
Saul did this.
A
provoking on purpose.
Trying to find an excuse; I keep
hearing it inside:
'You struck first
blood.'Looking
for an avenue to do
what they want to
do even at the cost of
this.
We thank you, Lord. Today, Father, we thank you
that they consider the
cost of what they're
planning, for it is very expensive. They consider the cost
and
it's
weighed
heavy. This isn't
just playing army; this isn't playing war.
This is real
life with real lives.
So we pray over the Israeli troops,
the men and women of the armed forces,
and
the citizens.
The
people will see through.
Father, we thank you over
our servicemen and women
in
every branch of the
military. We pray a hedge of protection
and
we call
for
wisdom. I don't usually touch
stuff like
this, but I
saw with our own CIA—remember
the
JFK files and all the things
that are being linked right
now, being puppet masters in other
people's
governments—and
I saw one of those
hypnotic
wheels spinning.
It was a yellow and black hypnotic
wheel. When you're spinning it, it makes you
focus and go in that weird
state.
I could see the black and
it was spinning on a wheel, but it was
hypnotic; it was yellow and
black. A yellow-black wheel coming from
the
CIA.
I know this is code for
something. There's more to what I've
been seeing, but because it's
public, I don't feel wise to say
some of these things. It's
not
smart for me.
We say goodbye to April and we press on
toward May.
I see shredded
documents like confetti
paper. Somebody is shredding
important
papers
to
cover
their
tracks,
shredding
evidence. There
is
an uncovering of things.
This
administration
in
the United States of America
is going to get its hand
more
into
Ukraine. They are shredding
evidence as these mineral deals come
into
full
manifestation. Other things
will come alongside
this:
side
deals and other branches. It is like a
vine, with the main mineral deal as the
source and
many twigs
and
branches representing different
avenues of wealth and
infrastructure, a
realigning
of an infrastructure over
Ukraine.
Rebuilding
things
and
construction
contracts—I
see
Ukraine shredding papers. It is hiding
things
involving Democratic
politicians
and some
Republicans. I
am
not going to name
names,
but
these are people of great
influence. There are bad
people in the Republican party and
a bunch in the
Democratic party;
they are just as guilty.
This
shredding of
papers
is
a
cover-up.
This is going to be bigger than what
you
see. It is
similar to
how they said they would build
Gaza
back better,
building
hotels and using
it as
a front.
Putin is not happy about
this. It
is
going to provoke more
war. They say, "Oh no, we are not getting totally
in; we are just
helping to fix war-torn
areas."But
it
is
deeper; it is a hook
for their own interest.
The art of the deal.
Glory to God.
The Lord said, "Some of the politicians
you see have vast wealth that you do not
know they
have."It
is
not in the public eye.
There are some very corrupt
people, and it goes clear into
Africa. These
are
powerful people with
no checks and
balances,
no
accountability. But the Lord says, "I
hold them
accountable."They
think
they are deceiving,
but a
day of great
judgment is coming that will bring them to their
knees.
They may run
and
hide, but
they are not hiding from Him.
Now I see Canada again and
the politicians up
there. This must be
widespread
throughout the whole
world—people
getting into politics to do bad
things,
corrupt
people. Thank you, Lord,
that all hidden things be
revealed
and
the darkness exposed. Even
with
those papers being
shredded, You will expose the darkness.
I
am
calling for whistleblowers
like
the Edward
Snowdens of the world who
expose the darkness. We
are
praying to
change corrupt governments that are provoking
war on a scale beyond
people's control, playing
God. These are puppet
masters acting out of arrogance and pride like
Saul. They think they can
do things without
repercussions, poking bears
because they do
not value human life. To them, the
men and women
who
serve
in
the
armed
forces
are
expendable. These
people are sick
and
themselves
intoxicated with
power. They lose themselves
in
a
demonic spirit.
As they provoke other
nations, they do not look at the
repercussions.
They
are
playing
chess on a very dangerous scale.
Pray for peace over
Jerusalem. Pray
that
nothing triggers a response to
retaliate against Iran, even a false flag
or
a black swan
event.
If you are new
to my channel,
we pray.
I
tell you what the Lord is showing
me.
Nothing is done on the earth without it
being revealed
to the prophetic voices first,
and I believe God has called me to be a
watchman for this hour.
I
am
bothered by what I just
saw. I
have family in the service
who
serve
this
country with pride and love, and it is sad
to see leaders who
do
not
value
life.
We have to vote these people
out. Subscribe
and
click the notification bell
if
you
haven't.
We pray this video
blessed you. We will be back
tomorrow to pray.
We
are
lifting up the name of Jesus and
expecting change.
Jesus has a plan for our lives.
Put a smile on your face and a song in
your heart. Jesus loves you, and
we love you. God bless you all.